Add `Skinning Contest: Unchained` news post (#11217)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-04-09-skinning-contest-unchained.md

---
layout: post
title: "Skinning Contest: Unchained"
date: 2024-04-09 15:00:00 +0000
---

> Unshackle your creativity and showcase it to its fullest by participating in the newest skinning contest!

Reviewer: Reads pretty weirdly, on first read my question is "showcase what?". Maybe just me.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-04-09-skinning-contest-unchained/banner.jpg)

> The skinship team has thrown all caution to the wind and unlocked the ultimate skinning contest theme.... which is that there isn't one. Yes, you heard that right!

Reviewer 2: I would seek out ways to remove the latter line and add an emphasis that there are no theme restrictions for this iteration to the thumbnail text.

Author: 76dd24902877a115a3ca529ed69c46a0d4cc8f65 should be addressed here

> With a throwback to the [1st skinning contest](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-03-08-skinning-contest-announcement) the skinning community will once again be able to choose from a huge variety of topics and themes, whether it'd be anime girls, video games that heavily involve anime girls, online personalities that are themselves anime girls, or perhaps a skin that doesn't include any anime at all (don't worry, we won't judge you).

Reviewer 3: > we also should expand that its not just the theme that is relaxed, but also the permission rules

(^quote from skinship staff chat)
I currently see no mention of this in this section at all

Author: 76dd24902877a115a3ca529ed69c46a0d4cc8f65 sorted here

Regardless of whether you are a seasoned skinning contest veteran or if this is your first time joining us, let's first get familiar with the proper way to submit your beautifully crafted masterpieces, and the rules of the contest!

## Participation

> As per the usual, all skins have to be created from scratch and be aligned with the rules listed below!

Reviewer: Including the anime girl illustrations right? I'd hope that's the case.

Reviewer 3: Its an asset, so yes, they need to be credited

Author: 76dd24902877a115a3ca529ed69c46a0d4cc8f65

Reviewer: Might be worth making that very clear if not already (due to the mention of anime girls like three times in the news post I foresee anime girls).

Author: i added a separate heading specifying the changed rules which goes over this, is this ok?

In order to submit your skin you must:

- post your entry on the forums under the [Work In Progress Skins](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/119) subforum
- post a link to your entry in the [submission thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1906588) using the format listed in the post

The submissions will not be anonymised due to the requirement of posting your finished works of art on the skinning forum, so feel free to show off your work as much as you want!

## Voting

After the submission phase is completed, the voting phase will be announced via a separate news post with more details. The voting will stay open for 14 days, and once the voting closes the full voting results will be visible on the contest page, and the top 3 participants will receive their prizes.

## Schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Announcement | 2024-04-07 |

> | Submission phase | 2024-04-07/2024-05-12 |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Submission phase | 2024-04-09/2024-05-14 |
```
Start is getting pushed back, so the schedule also needs to

---
layout: post
title: "Skinning Contest: Unchained"
date: 2024-04-09 15:00:00 +0000
---

Showcase your unshackled creativity to its fullest by participating in the newest skinning contest!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-04-09-skinning-contest-unchained/banner.jpg)

> The skinship team has thrown all caution to the wind and unlocked the ultimate skinning contest theme.... which is that there isn't one. Yes, you heard that right!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The skinship team has thrown all caution to the wind and unlocked the ultimate skinning contest theme... which is that there isn't one. Yes, you heard that right!
```

> With a throwback to the [1st skinning contest](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-03-08-skinning-contest-announcement) and a new contest schedule that gives us 2 contests each year around spring and fall time, the skinning community will once again be able to unleash their inner artist as **there is no theme restriction for this contest.** That means that you can make a skin centred around anime girls, video games that heavily involve anime girls, online personalities that are themselves anime girls, or perhaps a skin that doesn't include any anime at all (don't worry, we won't judge you).

Reviewer 4: feels out of place and makes the sentence too long

```suggestion
With a throwback to the [1st skinning contest](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-03-08-skinning-contest-announcement), the participants will once again be able to unleash their inner artists as **there is no theme restriction for this contest**. This means you can make a skin centred around anime girls, video games that heavily involve anime girls, online personalities that are themselves anime girls, or perhaps a skin that doesn't include any anime at all (don't worry, we won't judge you).

Not only is the (lack of) theme reminiscent of the past, but the contest schedule will also return to a former timetable, namely giving us *two contests per year*.
```

> With a throwback to the [1st skinning contest](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2021-03-08-skinning-contest-announcement) and a new contest schedule that gives us 2 contests each year around spring and fall time, the skinning community will once again be able to unleash their inner artist with no restrictions as **there is no theme restriction for this contest.** That means that you can make a skin centred around anime girls, video games that heavily involve anime girls, online personalities that are themselves anime girls, or perhaps a skin that doesn't include any anime at all (don't worry, we won't judge you).

Reviewer 3: > with no restrictions as **there is no theme restriction for this contest.**

this sounds dumb, saying way too similar things right after each other

Author: 423c6b51ef213b76afb6526f74345a676c68cfd0 sorted

> Regardless of whether you are a seasoned skinning contest veteran or if this is your first time joining us, let's first get familiar with a rule change that will impact all skinning contests going forward, the proper way to submit your beautifully crafted masterpieces, and the rules of the contest!

Reviewer 4: this essentially mentions the rules twice, but there's a big heading for that right below

```suggestion
Regardless of whether you are a seasoned skinning contest veteran or if this is your first time joining us, let's first get familiar with the rules as well as the proper way to submit your beautifully crafted masterpieces!
```

> ## Rule Change

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Rule change
```

> In previous contests all entries containing 3rd party assets of any kind could only be used with explicit permission from the author, which a lot of the time stifled creativity or completely stopped a skinner from realising their ideas. Starting from this contest and going forward, **any art can be used as long as the original artists are clearly credited in your submission post.**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In previous skinning contests, all entries containing 3rd-party assets of any kind could only be used with explicit permission from the author, which a lot of the time stifled creativity or completely stopped a skinner from realising their ideas. Starting from this contest and going forward, **any art can be used as long as the original artists are clearly credited in your submission post**.
```
